thank you very much d man an applause
here for the home crowd they weren't
really rooting for you guys but you guys
played an amazing game I'm gonna go
straight into game two because game one
very convincing and then what happened
there because the TF pick really didn't
work out now the thing is the upper
surface is a peak that is really is
really bad in Lane but you can manage to
place a farm and get some gangs in other
lanes and work but I haven't practiced
here for a while so I use yeah I didn't
really know that MIT will do on me that
how much I could take on everything and
he is kimmy 101 and after that it wasn't
over but there was so much better they
had Rumble knock tuna fish which could
go in on me or pusu and once at us their
self was better and we lost early so it
was for sure over after 20 minutes I
think why the choice to go for that
setup in contrast to what you want four
in Game one was it kind of like we got
this anyway or yeah well it was to try
like like I said if I if I play TF
better I think we'll go I won the game
because I wouldn't have died 101 the
fish would get ahead i would have farmed
even more than him at some point and I
could get guns easily like the only gun
guy almost got embarrassed but his robot
she was really bad in a normal game with
if I was more confident with TF I think
I will have at least one or two kills
you sweetie pea and if I don't die then
the game can is no water on that but
yeah I think the our pics were decent to
win early but we didn't play as good and
then of course it comes down to game 3
is this where you excel because of that
experience or not know is kinda yeah we
were we were not done we were like okay
this timeless we have against first week
we can pick while we pick the first game
go for it get Cassadine get stuff our
own castle in pretty much a good team
that has to engage tanks initiate
counter engage and that's what we did
and after the level one again was like
really really in your favor so that
level one was really good to have two
kills in your advantage meant that we
had to not throw the game and that's
releasing normally not throw the game
really easy not for every team but next
round you'll be going up against royale
or OMG is there something inside you
that says i just want to become the
champion again of course I think we had
good sense especially the steam actually
like even more than then that t mind the
most afraid of is probably ask a telecom
but besides that the other teams that he
I think we have a good chance they are
not worse than not c9 CNN is a really
good team and I think the royal or OMG
will play same as them maybe I mean more
crazy because they go aggressive all the
time but besides that I think they are
strong team and if we beat Cena we can
beat the rest okay finally I know a lot
of the people in the crowd are rooting
for c9 but so would you like to say
anything to your fans yeah to that one
with the finale 1 i'm to that one
earlier to fans now to whoever that's
super fanatic and who doesn't is fine as
well thank you for being here ok
thank you very much congratulations all
right we have to step away for a second
to reset the studio for our second
quarter final matchup of the day gambit
versus najin black sword plus the guys
at the desk will break down the biggest
place from fanatix quarterfinal win and
make their predictions for who'll join
them in the semis sick around the c3
World Championship we'll be right back